

Handling Emails Using Python Scripting
---------------------------------------

1.  In computing, the Post Office Protocol is an application-layer
    internet standard protocol used by email clients to retrieve email
    from a mail server. POP version 3 is the version in common use. The
    [**Internet Message Access Protocol**]
    ([**IMAP**]) is an internet standard protocol used by email
    clients to retrieve email messages from a mail server over a TCP/IP
    connection. IMAP is defined by RFC 3501.
2.  The break statement terminates the loop containing it. Control of
    the program flows to the statement immediately after the body of the
    loop. If a break statement is inside a nested loop (a loop inside
    another loop), the break will terminate the innermost loop. Here\'s
    an example:

```
for val in "string":
 if val == "i":
 break
 print(val)
print("The end")
```



3.  The continue statement is used to skip the rest of the code inside a
    loop for the current iteration only. The loop does not terminate but
    continues on with the next iteration:

```
for val in "string":
 if val == "i":
 continue
 print(val)
print("The end")
```



4.  The `pprint` module provides a capability to pretty-print
    arbitrary Python data structures in a form that can be used as input
    to the interpreter. If the formatted structures include objects that
    are not fundamental Python types, the representation may not be
    loadable. This may be the case if objects such as files, sockets,
    classes, or instances are included, as well as many other built-in
    objects that are not representable as Python constants.
5.  A negative index is used in Python to index starting from the last
    element of the list, tuple, or any other container class that
    supports indexing. `-1` refers to the [*last index*], `-2` refers to the [*second lastindex*], and so on.



6.  Python compiles the `.py` files and saves them as
    `.pyc` files , so it can reference them in subsequent
    invocations. `.pyc` contains the compiled bytecode of
    Python source files. `.pyc` contains the compiled bytecode
    of Python source files, which is what the Python interpreter
    compiles the source to. This code is then executed by Python\'s
    virtual machine . There\'s no harm in deleting them
    `.pyc`, but they will save compilation time if you\'re
    doing lots of processing.
7.  Following is the answer:

```
num = 7
for index in range(num,0,-1):
if index % 2 != 0:
for row in range(0,num-index):
print(end=" ")
for row in range(0,index):
if row % 2== 0:
print("1",end=" ")
else:
print("0",end=" ")
print()
```
