

Lab 13, Building Graphical User Interfaces
------------------------------------------------------------------

1.  Graphical User Interface, which allows a user to interact with
    electronic devices.
2.  A constructor is a special type of method (function) that is used to
    initialize the instance members of the class. Implementation of
    the`__init__ method`. A destructor is a special method
    called automatically during the destruction of an
    object. Implementation of the`__del__ method`.
3.  Self is an object reference to the object itself; therefore, they
    are the same.
4.  Tkinter is a Python binding to the Tk GUI toolkit. It is the
    standard Python interface to the Tk GUI toolkit, and is Python\'s de
    facto standard GUI. Tkinter is included with standard Linux,
    Microsoft Windows, and macOS X installs of Python. The name Tkinter
    comes from the Tk interface. PyQt is a Python binding of the
    cross-platform GUI toolkit Qt, implemented as a Python plugin. PyQt
    is free software developed by the British firm Riverbank Computing.
    wxPython is a wrapper for the cross-platform GUI API wxWidgets for
    the Python programming language. It is one of the alternatives to
    Tkinter, which is bundled with Python. It is implemented as a Python
    extension module. Other popular alternatives are PyGTK, its
    successor PyGObject, and PyQt.
5.  Following is the answer:

```
def copy(source, destination):
    with open(source, "w") as fw, open(destination,"r") as fr:
        fw.writelines(fr)
copy(source_file_name1, file_name2)
```


 

 


6.  Following is the answer:

```
fname = input("Enter file name: ")
l=input("Enter letter to be searched:")
k = 0
with open(fname, 'r') as f:
    for line in f:
        words = line.split()
        for i in words:
            for letter in i:
                if(letter==l):
                    k=k+1
print("Occurrences of the letter:")
print(k)
```
