

Lab 2, Debugging and Profiling Python Scripts
---------------------------------------------------------------------

1.  To debug the program, the `pdb` module is used.

2.  a\) Before running `ipython3`, install using
    `sudo apt-get install ipython3`. b) `%lsmagic`.

3.  A global interpreter lock is a mechanism used in computer language
    interpreters to synchronize the execution of threads so that only
    one native thread can execute at a time

4.  Following are the answers:


a\) `PYTHONPATH`: It has a role similar to PATH. This variable
tells the Python interpreter where to locate the module files imported
into a program. It should include the Python source library directory
and the directories containing Python source code.
`PYTHONPATH` is sometimes preset by the Python installer.

b\) `PYTHONSTARTUP`: It contains the path of an initialization
file containing Python source code. It is executed every time you start
the interpreter. It is named as `.pythonrc.py` in Unix and it
contains commands that load utilities or modify `PYTHONPATH`.
c) `PYTHONCASEOK`: It is used in Windows to instruct Python to
find the first case-insensitive match in an import statement. Set this
variable to any value to activate it. d) `PYTHONHOME`: It is
an alternative module search path. It is usually embedded in the
`PYTHONSTARTUP` or `PYTHONPATH` directories to make
switching module libraries easy.


5.  Answer: `[0]`.A new list object is created in the function
    and the reference is lost. This can be checked by comparing the ID
    of k before and after `k = [1]`.
6.  Answer: b. Variable names should not start with a number.
